100 Fun Movie Trivia Questions (With Answers) to Stump All Your Film-Loving Friends
Samuel R. MurrianJanuary 20, 2020 – 3:01 PM
 movie-trivia
Are you looking to show off your showbiz savvy at your next movie or game night? In search of the perfect pre-game entertainment for an Oscars party? We’ve got you covered!

Here are 100 classic movie trivia questions, ranging from easy to obscure.

1. Question: What are the dying words of Charles Foster Kane in Citizen Kane?
Answer: “Rosebud”

2. Question: Who played Mrs. Robinson in The Graduate?
Answer: Anne Bancroft

3. Question: What was the first feature-length animated movie ever released?
Answer: Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs

4. Question: In The Matrix, does Neo take the blue pill or the red pill?
Answer: Red

5. Question: For what movie did Tom Hanks score his first Academy Award nomination?
Answer: Big

6. Question: What 1927 musical was the first “talkie”?
Answer: The Jazz Singer

7. Question: What’s the name of the skyscraper in Die Hard?
Answer: Nakatomi Plaza

8. Question: What flavor of Pop Tarts does Buddy the Elf use in his spaghetti in Elf?
Answer: Chocolate

Related: Harry Potter Trivia: 50 Fun Facts About the Wizarding World

9. Question: What shocking Wes Craven horror movie carried the marketing tagline, “To avoid fainting, keep repeating, ‘It’s only a movie…'”?
Answer: The Last House on the Left

10. Question: What pop vocal group performs at the wedding in Bridesmaids?
Answer: Wilson Phillips

11. Question: What real-life on-again off-again Hollywood power couple starred in the film Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf?
Answer: Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton


12. Question: What American writer/director starred in several iconic European-produced “Spaghetti Westerns”?
Answer: Clint Eastwood

13. Question: Who played Juror Number 8 in 12 Angry Men?
Answer: Henry Fonda

14. Question: The head of what kind of animal is front-and-center in an infamous scene from The Godfather?
Answer: A horse

15. Question: What TV show was Jack Nicholson referencing when he ad-libbed “Here’s Johnny!” in The Shining?
Answer: The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson

16. Question: What critically panned 1984 country-musical comedy starring Dolly Parton and Sylvester Stallone eventually became a cult classic?
Answer: Rhinestone

17. Question: Who played park owner John Hammond in Jurassic Park?
Answer: Richard Attenborough

18. Question: In what 1976 thriller does Robert De Niro famously say “You talkin’ to me?”
Answer: Taxi Driver

Related: 50 Fun Christmas Trivia Questions (with Answers)

19. Question: What’s the name of the anthemic dance near the beginning of The Rocky Horror Picture Show?
Answer: “The Time Warp”

20. Question: For what movie did Steven Spielberg win his first Oscar for Best Director?
Answer: Schindler’s List

21. Question: What is the name of the courtesan played by Nicole Kidman in Moulin Rouge!
Answer: Satine

22. Question: In what 1950 drama does Bette Davis say, “Fasten your seatbelts; it’s going to be a bumpy night”?
Answer: All About Eve

23. Question: The theme from The Third Man (also called “The Harry Lime Theme” was performed on what instrument?
Answer: Zither

24. Question: Marlon Brando “could have been a contender” in what iconic 1954 crime drama?
Answer: On the Waterfront

25. Question: What famous L.A. landmark is heavily featured in Rebel Without a Cause?
Answer: Griffith Observatory

26. Question: Who played Martin Luther King Jr. in the 2014 biopic Selma?
Answer: David Oyelowo

Related: The 100 Best TV Shows to Binge-Watch on Netflix While Social Distancing

27. Question: Who directed Boris Karloff in the classics Frankenstein and Bride of Frankenstein?
Answer: James Whale

28. Question: What infamous 1980 box-office bomb ruined the career of The Deer Hunter director Michael Cimino?
Answer: Heaven’s Gate

29. Question: What words are written on the knuckles of “Reverend” Harry Powell (Robert Mitchum) in The Night of the Hunter?
Answer: “Love” and “hate.”

30. Question: What Hollywood movie star plays himself in Zombieland?
Answer: Bill Murray


31. Question: In Risky Business, what song did Tom Cruise famously lip-sync to in his underwear?

Answer: “Old Time Rock and Roll” by Bob Seger

32. Question: Who is the only actor to receive an Oscar nomination for acting in a Lord of the Rings movie?
Answer: Ian McKellen

33. Question: Who took over the role of Bruce Wayne’s love interest Rachel Dawes in The Dark Knight, following Katie Holmes’s exit after Batman Begins?
Answer: Maggie Gyllenhaal

34. Question: What song plays over the opening credits of Guardians of the Galaxy?
Answer: “Come and Get Your Love” by Redbone

35. Question: For which 1964 musical blockbuster did Julie Andrews win the Academy Award for Best Actress?
Answer: Mary Poppins

36. Question: What is the highest-grossing R-rated movie of all time?
Answer: Joker

37. Question: What 1994 crime film revitalized John Travolta’s career?
Answer: Pulp Fiction

38. Question: Who voiced the sultry Jessica Rabbit in Who’s Afraid of Roger Rabbit?
Answer: Kathleen Turner

39. Question: Which movie was incorrectly announced as the winner of Best Picture at the 2017 Academy Awards, during the greatest Oscars flub of all time?
Answer: La La Land

40. Question: Which 1948 Alfred Hitchcock movie starred James Stewart and was shot to look like one continuous take?
Answer: Rope

41. Question: “Well, nobody’s perfect” is the final line (and punchline) from what classic 1959 comedy starring Marilyn Monroe?
Answer: Some Like it Hot

42. Question: The stage play Everybody Comes to Rick’s was adapted for the screen to become what 1942 Best Picture winner?
Answer: Casablanca


43. Question: In what 1979 James Bond movie does the famous spy go to outer space?
Answer: Moonraker

44. Question: Who wrote the famous, scary theme music from Halloween?
Answer: John Carpenter

45. Question: What animated classic was the first film of the late-twentieth-century “Disney Renaissance?”
Answer: The Little Mermaid

46. Question: In Apocalypse Now, Robert Duvall says, “I love the smell of _____ in the morning.”
Answer: Napalm

47. Question: What is the name of Quint’s shark-hunting boat in Jaws?
Answer: The Orca

48. Question: What’s the name of Charlie Chaplin’s most famous, recurring character?
Answer: “The Tramp”

49. Question: Aaron Sorkin won an Oscar for writing what 2010 drama about the creation of Facebook?
Answer: The Social Network

50. Question: Who played iconic femme fatale Phyllis Dietrichson in classic 1946 film noir Double Indemnity?
Answer: Barbara Stanwyck

51. Question: What is the model of revolver made famous by Clint Eastwood’s “Dirty” Harry Callahan?
Answer: Smith & Wesson Model 29 .44 Magnum

52. Question: Which 1927 war drama was the first movie to ever win Best Picture?
Answer: Wings

53. Question: Who is the first actor to play Jack Ryan on screen?
Answer: Alec Baldwin

54. Question: What was Audrey Hepburn’s birth name?
Answer: Audrey Kathleen Ruston

55. Question: Joaquin Phoenix received his first Oscar nomination for playing Roman emperor Commodus in what 2000 Oscar-winning epic?
Answer: Gladiator

56. Question: Who played the “Unsinkable” Molly Brown in Titanic?
Answer: Kathy Bates


57. Question: In the action thriller Speed, why is Annie (Sandra Bullock)’s driver’s license suspended?
Answer: She was speeding

58. Question: Jennifer Lawrence won a Best Actress Academy Award for what 2012 romantic comedy/drama?
Answer: Silver Linings Playbook

59. Question: The Battle of Thermopylae served as the basis of what highly stylized 2006 smash hit swords-and-sandals action flick?
Answer: 300

60. Question: Which famous film composer wrote the music for Tim Burton’s 1989 Batman?
Answer: Danny Elfman

61. Question: Which Alfred Hitchcock thriller is notorious for its shocking “shower scene”?
Answer: Psycho

62. Question: What is the highest-grossing foreign-language film at the U.S. box office?
Answer: The Passion of the Christ

63. Question: Who wrote the screenplay for Rocky?
Answer: Sylvester Stallone

64. Question: What national monument does Cary Grant climb in the heart-pounding final moments of North by Northwest?
Answer: Mount Rushmore

65. Question: What was Quentin Tarantino‘s first feature as writer/director?
Answer: Reservoir Dogs

Related: We Ranked All Nine Quentin Tarantino Movies, Including Once Upon a Time…In Hollywood

66. Question: Which Oscar-winning blonde bombshell played James Stewart’s love interest Lisa Carol Fremont in Rear Window?
Answer: Grace Kelly

67. Question: Who is the only person ever to receive an Oscar nomination for acting in a Star Wars movie?
Answer: Alec Guinness


68. Question: What actress’ name, who voices Princess Elsa in the Frozen films, did John Travolta botch at the 2014 Oscars?
Answer: Idina Menzel

69. Question: What is the real name of Uma Thurman’s “The Bride” character from Kill Bill?
Answer: Beatrix Kiddo

70. Question: What prominent American director won an Oscar for helming Forrest Gump?
Answer: Robert Zemeckis

71. Question: Three of Jim Carrey’s blockbusters—The Mask, Dumb and Dumber and Ace Ventura: Pet Detective—were all released in what year?
Answer: 1994

Parade Daily

Celebrity interviews, recipes and health tips delivered to your inbox.

72. Question: How many suns does Luke’s home planet of Tatooine have in Star Wars?
Answer: Two

73. Question: What movie holds the record for most Oscar wins without winning Best Picture (eight wins total)?
Answer: Cabaret

74. Question: In what 1969 James Bond thriller does the famous spy fall in love and get married?
Answer: On Her Majesty’s Secret Service

75. Question: What 1970 movie marked the feature debut of Arnold Schwarzenegger?
Answer: Hercules in New York

76. Question: What is the first movie ever to be rated PG-13?
Answer: Red Dawn (1984)

77. Question: What is the highest-grossing movie of all time when taking inflation into account?
Answer: Gone With the Wind

78. Question: What is the highest-grossing movie of all time when not taking inflation into account?
Answer: Avengers: Endgame

79. Question: What’s the Los Angeles hotel prominently featured in Pretty Woman?
Answer: The Beverly Wilshire by Four Seasons

80. Question: What is the only ‘X’-rated film to win Best Picture at the Oscars?
Answer: Midnight Cowboy

81. Question: Who played detective Rick Deckard in Blade Runner?
Answer: Harrison Ford

82. Question: What is the name of the spaceship in Alien?
Answer: USCSS Nostromo

83. Question: This acclaimed, Oscar-winning filmmaker directed Happy Feet, Babe: Pig in the City and Mad Max: Fury Road.
Answer: George Miller

84. Question: Who is the first and only woman of color to win the Oscar for Best Actress?
Answer: Halle Berry

85. Question: What’s the fictional brand of cigarettes in Quentin Tarantino’s movies?
Answer: Red Apple cigarettes

86. Question: Who played the Wicked Witch of the West in The Wizard of Oz?
Answer: Margaret Hamilton

87. Question: Which movie star is killed off in the opening scene of Scream?
Answer: Drew Barrymore

88. Question: What’s the name of John Wayne’s character in True Grit (played by Jeff Bridgesin the remake)?
Answer: Rooster Cogburn

89. Question: What is the highest-grossing war movie of all time and Clint Eastwood’s highest-grossing movie ever?
Answer: American Sniper

90. Question: How many Oscars has Meryl Streep won?
Answer: Three

91. Question: How many Oscars has Meryl Streep been nominated for?
Answer: 21

92. Question: Who played Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow in Bonnie & Clyde?
Answer: Faye Dunaway and Warren Beatty

93. Question: What Martin Scorsese movie holds the all-time record for F-bombs?
Answer: The Wolf of Wall Street

94. Question: What is the name of the extended ballet sequence near the end of Singin’ in the Rain?
Answer: “Broadway Melody”

95. Question: What is the name of Riley’s imaginary friend in Inside Out?
Answer: Bing Bong


96. Question: Who played the Green Goblin in 2002 box-office smash Spider-Man?
Answer: Willem Dafoe

97. Question: For what movie did George Clooney win his sole acting Oscar to date?
Answer: Syriana

98. Question: Near the end of Vertigo, when Judy transforms into Madeline, she is bathed in what color light?
Answer: Green

99. Question: Who played Regan MacNeil in The Exorcist?
Answer: Linda Blair

100. Question: Only three movies in history have won the “big five” at the Oscars (Best Picture, Best Director, Best Screenplay, Best Actor and Best Actress). Name them.
Answer: It Happened One Night, One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest and The Silence of the Lambs.

Want more trivia? Try our Mr. Rogers and The Office trivia.